doc: specify how caching CMM should handle max plaintext length in Get Encryption Materials (#159)
awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification: framework/caching-cmm.md

| C          | 0.1.0-preview                          | 0.1.0                     | [cache.h](https://github.com/aws/aws-encryption-sdk-c/blob/master/include/aws/cryptosdk/cache.h)                                                                                                |
| NodeJS     | 0.1.0-preview                          | 0.1.0                     | [caching_materials_manager_node.ts](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-javascript/blob/master/modules/caching-materials-manager-node/src/caching_materials_manager_node.ts)          |
| Browser JS | 0.1.0-preview                          | 0.1.0                     | [caching_materials_manager_browser.ts](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-javascript/blob/master/modules/caching-materials-manager-browser/src/caching_materials_manager_browser.ts) |
| Python     | 0.1.0-preview                          | 1.3.0                     | [materials_managers/caching.py](https://github.com/aws/aws-encryption-sdk-python/blob/master/src/aws_encryption_sdk/materials_managers/caching.py)                                              |

> | Java       | 0.1.0-preview                          | 1.3.0                     | [CachingCryptoMaterialsManager.java](https://github.com/aws/aws-encryption-sdk-java/blob/master/src/main/java/com/amazonaws/encryptionsdk/caching/CachingCryptoMaterialsManager.java)           |

Reviewer: To make sure I understand this, is 1.3.0 the version of the ESDK? So Python and Java are on 1.3.0 while C and JS are both on 0.1.0?

Author: As I understand it, these lines state that the Python ESDK version 1.3.0 is the minimum version that is confirmed to be compatible with spec version 0.1.0-preview, and likewise for the Java ESDK. Similarly, the C ESDK version 0.1.0 is the minimum version that is confirmed to be compatible with spec 0.1.0-preview, and likewise for the JS ESDKs.

### Get Encryption Materials

> If the [algorithm suite](algorithm-suites.md) requested contains a [Identity KDF](algorithm-suites.md#identity-kdf),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the [algorithm suite](algorithm-suites.md) requested contains a [Identity KDF](algorithm-suites.md#identity-kdf)
```

If a cache entry is not found, the caching CMM MUST then attempt to obtain the encryption materials
by making a call to the underlying CMM's [Get Encryption Materials](cmm-interface.md#get-encryption-materials).

If the caching CMM makes a call to the underlying CMM's [Get Encryption Materials](cmm-interface.md#get-encryption-materials) operation,

> then it MUST include a [Max Plaintext Length](cmm-interface.md#encryption-materials-request) value,
> which MUST be equal to its [Limit Bytes](#limit-bytes) value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
then the request MUST include a [Max Plaintext Length](cmm-interface.md#encryption-materials-request) with a value equal to [Limit Bytes](#limit-bytes).
```

> If the [algorithm suite](algorithm-suites.md) requested does not contain an [Identity KDF](algorithm-suites.md#identity-kdf),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the [algorithm suite](algorithm-suites.md) requested does not contain an [Identity KDF](algorithm-suites.md#identity-kdf)
```
